[EuiPortal] convert to a function component, fix ssr bug (#6055)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/6055.md

**Bug fixes**

- Fixed a bug preventing `EuiPortal` from working in server-side rendering

**Breaking changes**

> - Removed styles for the `euiBody-hasPortalContent` class name

Reviewer: Minor changelog suggestion
```suggestion
- Removed styles for the `.euiBody-hasPortalContent` class
- Removed `.euiBody-hasPortalContent` from being applied to the `body` by `EuiTooltip` and `EuiComboBox`
```

**Bug fixes**

- Fixed a bug preventing `EuiPortal` from working in server-side rendering

> 
> **Breaking changes**
> 
> - Removed styles for the `.euiBody-hasPortalContent` class
> - Removed `.euiBody-hasPortalContent` from being applied to the `body` by `EuiTooltip` and `EuiComboBox`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Just noticed this. These changes have since been reverted.
